Cher is higher, higher, lower, lower.
That's right, that's right.
Know know know
Brother, you are back.
Son is back
Brother, you will get married the day after tomorrow.
Why is this complexion so bad?
Did you quarrel with Minmin?
Who is it? Take the ear
come
Hey go
What are you doing?
What's that for?
Your son is suspected of forcing women to have sex
We're going to take him back for questioning. Impossible
My brother has always been honest
Are you mistaken?
Let's go again!
Please I beg you
I got him married for a few days
Auntie, get up
Auntie, don't forget auntie, I beg you
I knelt down for you
I beg you, auntie, get up
Ah!
Auntie, we also enforce the law impartially
Since someone reported the case, we can't help but investigate it.
If he is ok
We'll get him back ASAP.
The law doesn't wrong a good person
You can't spare a bad guy, can you?
brother
Please explain what's going on
I am innocent
In addition to preparing for the wedding these two days
Just stay with Minmin
You know
How could you and I do something like that?
Comrade police, did you hear that?
My brother and my sister-in-law have been busy
Marriage
He couldn't have done something like that.
you
Are you independent?
The person who reported the crime is for you